initial translation proposal for c-1 and c-2 (#58)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c-2/50/56/3/translation.txt

//
//事後{0}=
シトリー=Sitri
ふぅ……さすがに、少々疲れてしまいました……=Phew.... As I expected, this tired me out a little.
//お客様……大変気持ち良いのですが、もう少々、加減をしていただけると助かります……=Dear customer, it felt very good but it would be very helpful if you could stop it for a little while. 

> お客様……大変気持ち良いのですが、もう少々、加減をしていただけると助かります……=Dear customer, it felt very good but it would be very helpful if we could take it slow for a little while. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
お客様……大変気持ち良いのですが、もう少々、加減をしていただけると助かります……=Dear customer... It feels nice, but I would appreciate it if you slowed it down a bit.
```
